Fix some more names in the doc (#4)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: commands/latency-doctor.md

analysis of the event. For certain events, like `fork`, additional information
is provided, like the rate at which the system forks processes.

> This is the output you should post in the Valkey mailing list if you are
> looking for help about Latency related issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the output you should provide if you are looking for help about Latency related issues.
```
